###Creeping Moss

This species appears to be some odd combination of fungus and Moss who has not been found to connect to any known species genetically. It  is a scavenger that lives primarily by consuming the bodies of dead organisms, both plants and animals, traveling in large clusters that move through forests consuming fallen trees and animal corpses. these clusters appears in only a few select locations and have not been been seen to change in size, Implying that the species has no instinct to reproduce. These clusters are made of smaller globs of creeping moss that crawls in a similar way to slug and exhibit behaviors that no other plant type beings are capable of, namely movement, most notably over long distances. The majority of known clusters live in Deciduous forests but have been sighted in rainforests and coniferous forests as well. The creeping moss has not be seen to attack any living organisms and seems to be entirely focused on consuming all dead flesh that it comes across. The effects of the moss on the environment are yet to be extensively researched but it is generally believed that benefits of their presence includes reducing the risk of disease and fire, as well as greatly excelerating the process of decay, fertilizng the ground to benefit plant life, while the downsides would be that they would nudge out other scavengers that rely on the same food source. one general thing to be noted regarding it's behavior is that it's presence benefits exclusively plant based organisms, while taking resources from animals, so some theorists believe it may be nature fighting to claim dominion over it's land. Similar to slugs it can move up vertical walls and across ceilings, as well as being able to adapt to a vast range of temperatures and climates. It has no natural predator as it has proved to be poisonous to all creatures observed to have consumed it. We have reason to believe that a species like this could prove to become a threat to livestock if left unchecked, so we will continue to research and understand this strange new species until we understand exactly what makes it tick.
